[doc] CLI name tidyups (#23477)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/benchmark/large-datasets-ycql.md

## Final data set size

> The figure below is from the yb-master Admin UI that shows the tablet servers, number of tablets on each, number of tablet leaders, and size of the on-disk `SSTable` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following illustration is from the yb-master Admin UI that shows the tablet servers, number of tablets on each, number of tablet leaders, and size of the on-disk `SSTable` files.
```
